I also want to wish a Happy Hanukkah to
those who are celebrating it tonight is
the third night of Hanukkah the third
night of eight nights
Guillermo did you remember to light your
menorah at home no I forgot you did
forget it good
Hanukkah lasts eight nights incidentally
eight is also the number of ways you can
spell Hanukkah correctly and it's what's
going on excuse me excuse me Jimmy yes
yes someone in the audience has a
question yes yes which night of Hanukkah
are you going to bring out the Hana corn
Gary stop it all right it's just I'm not
Gary I'm just a regular audience member
who wants to see the beloved Hanukkah
unicorn make it appear it was just a
regular audience member what's your name
regular audience member uh din your name
is dim Denzel okay so this is one of our
riders his name is Gary every year he
interrupts our show no don't encourage
him because he interrupts his show
dressed up as this ridiculous character
he made up called the Hana Korn God made
the Hana Korn it doesn't matter we don't
have time for this tonight do not treat
me like Matt Damon the people want to
see the honor court right
all right I will give you 60 seconds how
about 80 what a negotiator all right a
song we worked on we just have to do it
fast
I don't have much time I hope that you
enjoy my song it's gonna be a blast
but listen very carefully I have to sing
it fast that you have ever heard the
hanukkah favorite Jewish
thank you
comments about this on social media do
you love clicking buttons and
subscribing to things then click the
button to subscribe to my channel and
you'll finally be happy